01 Write a program that finds the volume of different shapes (like rectangle,cylinder,cube) using function overloading.



02 Write a class to represent time that includes the member function to perform the following: 
*Take input for time in hours and minutes. 
*Add two times.
*Display the time in form hours : minutes.

03 Create a class called COMPLEX that has two private data called real and imaginary. Include constructor function to input real & imaginary values, show() to display complex numbers. Write a program to add two complex numbers.


04 Write a program to find the largest and smallest number between two numbers of different classes.


05 Using class write a program that would be able to do the following task:
a) To create the vector
b) To add the value of a two vector
c) To modify the value of a goven element
d) To display the vector in the form (ai+bj+ck)


06 Create a class float that contains one float data number. Overload all the four arithmetic operator for two objects.


07 Given the following base class:
 Class area_cl
 {public:
 double heignt;
 double width;
 };
Create two derived classes called rectangule and isosceles that inherit area_cl. Have each class include a function area () that returns the area of a rectangle isosceles triangle, as appropriate. Use parameterized constructors to initialize height and width. Write the complete program.


08 Create an abstract base class called shape. Derive class rectangle from the base class shape and a class cube from the rectangle class.
Data members: length, width for class rectangle
 height for class cube
Member function: area(),print() for class rectangle
 Volume(), print() for class cube
Make function print() as virtual and declare as a pure virtual function in the base class. Write a program to compute the area of rectangle and volume of cube and display the result using base lass pointer.
09 Write a program to read two files simultaneously.


10 Write a program to perform the deletion of white saces such as horizontal tab, vertical tab, sace, line feed, new line and carriage return from a text file and to store the contents of the file without white spaces on another file.